Refactor metric spaces (#1450)
UniMath/SymmetryBookFormalization: src/metric-spaces/preimage-rational-neighborhoods.lagda.md

Reviewer: I wounder if the plural `preimages-rational-neighborhoods` is more conventional

> # Preimage of rational neighborhood relations along maps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Preimages of rational neighborhood relations along maps
```

```agda
module metric-spaces.preimage-rational-neighborhoods where
```

<details><summary>Imports</summary>

```agda
open import elementary-number-theory.positive-rational-numbers

open import foundation.function-types
open import foundation.identity-types
open import foundation.injective-maps
open import foundation.universe-levels

open import metric-spaces.monotonic-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.reflexive-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.symmetric-rational-neighborhoods
open import metric-spaces.triangular-rational-neighborhoods
```

</details>

## Idea

> A [rational neighborhood relation](metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods.md) `U`
> on a type `B` and map `f : A → B` define a rational neighborhood relation on `A`
> where `x y : A` are `d`-neighbors if `f x` and `f y` are `d`-neighbors in `U`.
> This is the
> {{#concept "preimage" Disambiguation="rational neighborhood relation" Agda=preimage-Rational-Neighborhood-Relation}}
> of `U` by `f`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given a [rational neighborhood relation](metric-spaces.rational-neighborhoods.md) `U`
on a type `B` and map `f : A → B`, then we may define a rational neighborhood relation on `A`
where `x y : A` are `d`-neighbors if `f x` and `f y` are `d`-neighbors in `U`.
This is the
{{#concept "preimage" Disambiguation="rational neighborhood relation" Agda=preimage-Rational-Neighborhood-Relation}}
of `U` along `f`.
```
